cia all little girls
confrontation on the street
navigation software for aifon 4 with mayonnaise 4
We try
in
this is what I fear and sygic
ill. mo italy and dynamic 7
I will try these three navigation software because they are very similar
alla in mengoni in the user interface and also as a
navigation are very very similar
and let's go immediately to see them
let's start with in the grave
I'm there in a year
in the background
highway
portrait lens that ages video a team
very
very fluid
ubisoft and behaved very well mind
tommy are interfaced
the graphics
the second true ille
dynamics
the possibility of choosing
id low
setting contacts also ex we see
briefly the settings
new navigator
sound mode I waited for re regional personal travel we have
also extras with assistance and user buildings
let's look at other features
me very cold we can also change the appearance
in fact we can also set a
I have a background also taken from the
from the library
how can we see
we have the possibility to choose the online mode then in 3d
one year mode
in comparison I love the fire only on easy marina torre we will wait for it
second time
now I just want to make people laugh at a brief comparison between these teasing that they have
a truly graphical interface
similar
huh
where can I see below king
resumes
faithfully
the characteristics of tomtom
this was the enix cot
Easter we pass altair so
free the sygic aura
this also
so you know navigator well
so it just gives me an overview of the settings
now I have difficulties light table
the same but it's full
diego day
I'm recovering with a
samsung galaxy s2 just wanted to make people laugh
let's say the speed of the three I know why they are high
excellent fetita
great menu
right so shortly in portrait lens key
in this case we say the most fluid and certainly the tom tom
art and also the finesse a small tracing
we make excellent maps excellent menu
is a well harper user interface
these three navigator very very similar
therefore a brief comparison between the sygic aura the reader but
heartbeat lyrics form
Italian banks
nothing I greet you
and see you soon. by videoredo focus on the three navigators in a
second now I am who we have not tried
good black evenings
on the highway gamer support monster
see you soon bye guys